When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

For a couple of reasons, like:
  - Backup reasons
  - Collaborative and remote work
  - Possibility of accessing project files anywhere, anytime

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Automatic pulls probably would cause a lot of trouble for projects with multiple programmers working on it. In that case the best option is to decide when I want to pull versions from the remote

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

- Forks:
	When I want to copy and modify a repository on GitHub that I don't have direct access to
- Clones:
	When I want a local copy of a project or a local copy from a remote repository on GitHub
- Branches:
	When I want slightly different versions of the same project that I'm working on

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

A benefit of this would be the possibility of offline working, since it is not necessary to have an internet connection in order to verify the last known state of the remote

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

I could use some online storage service and some communications application to TRY to coordinate changes with my team, but that certainly would be really hard. It would be easier to control who makes a change and when through communication (since no one wants to break the whole project), but it would be harder to track the changes made and guarantee that no one breaks the code

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

A common case would be when I want to test a new approach for something in the project (e. g. some deep change in the visual design of and app, or some great new functionality that I'm not certain if it will be a good choice, etc.), but I don't want to broke the current working version of the project. In the other hand, changes made directly to the master branch would save time since I can work directly with the main version of the changes, for a given app for instance